[title]: # (1.1.0 Release Notes)
[tags]: # (web password filler)
[priority]: # (39996)
# 1.1.0. Release Notes

## Enhancements

* WPF now identifies the Secret Server tab on browsers. No WPF pop-ups, icons, or other entities will appear on the Secret Server tab.
* Added some local caching. The calls to get Secrets and Secret templates was moved from login to when you click "Add Secret". This was done to help with performance when connecting to Secret ServerCloud. As a result, we will cache some of the Secret and Secret template information to help with overall performance instead of calling back on a frequent basis.  
* New login has been implemented for fetching the fav icons. This has helped reduce a number of issues for fetching icons when displaying, listing, or adding Secrets.

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue when after install if you saved the settings for "Use Secret Server to Login", the setting was not preserved after upgrade.  
* Resolved issues on a few sites for the Thycotic icon being added to the wrong place on the page (not displayed in the Username/email fields)
* Fixed an issue where the Thycotic logo was added in the "First Name" field instead of in the Username/email field. 
* Updated the text for the "Thycotic Secret Server just updated your password" message so it is all displayed on the same line.
* Fixed an issue where on specific sites if you selected a Secret on the login page, the browser would navigate back to the previous page.
* Fixed an issue where a specific site was displaying two search bars and icons when the list of Secrets for the site is displayed in the drop-down.
* Addressed multiple issues with page "mutators" for specific sites.
* Fixed an issue when adding a Secret for some sites, the Template fields pop-up is not displayed until you refresh the page.

### Firefox Specific

* Fixed an issue specific to Firefox browsers where conflicting calls were causing delays for loading site, blank pages on some sites, or credentials not filled in credential fields.  
* Fixed an issue where on Firefox a scroll bar is displayed for some of the pop-up dialog.
