[title]: # (2.0.4 Release)
[tags]: # (web password filler)
[priority]: # (39991)
# 2.0.4 Release Notes

## Enhancements

* macOS/iOS Safari Browser support with feature parity to, refer to Known Issues for parity limitations.
* Allow users to launch directly into Website/WPF login by launching a Secret from Secret Server UI.
  * For when users are not already logged into WPF and want to launch a Secret.
* Allow for launching of a Secret into Web Password Filler if user is clicking on the URL field instead of the “Launcher”.
* Enterprise Enablement
  * Organization level deployment by Admins instead of requiring each user to download and install WPF.
  * Includes pre-setting options for:
    * Secret Server URL and Domain
    * Login through Secret Server (web)
    * Setting other options on “Settings” tab
* Adding pop-up message asking if the user wants to continue if they navigate to a website that has an invalid certificate.
* Ability to match URL on exact domain (without session recording).
* Add a “Message” tab in WPF UX to display warning messages and/or logging for troubleshooting (restricted to session).
* [Incognito Support](../using-wpf/incognito-support.md) for web launched secrets in a browser.

## Bug Fixes

* Resolved issue where users needed to login twice with IWA/Login Assist enabled for their environments.
* Resolved issue with WPF icon not rendering correctly in login dialogs.
* Resolved issues for DUO login sites that prevented admin/owner tasks such as updates to the password:
  * With Firefox solved duplicate drop-down entries.
  * With Opera solved login issues.
* Resolved issue with misleading error message being returned upon unauthenticated secret launch.
* Resolved a redirect issue with SAML enable for Okta and One Login integration.
* Resolved issue for sites that prevented the username or password for an existing Secret from being updated/populated:
  * premieragent.zillow.com/crm/agentlogin, fx.tourfactory.com, https://telepizza-sso.awsapps.com/start/#, https://www.spectera.com/PWP/Landing

## Known Issues

* Safari Browser support does not include:
  * Session Recording, if enabled on a secret the secret will not be auto-populated.
  * No Windows Admin Center support.
