[title]: # (2.0.0 Release Notes)
[tags]: # (web password filler)
[priority]: # (39995)
# 2.0.0. Release Notes

## Enhancements

* Web session recording is now supported in the Web Password Filler. If a web Secret is configured for recording, the Web Password Filler will now record the web session and any additional web browser tabs that are opened from that session (provided they stay on URLs that require recording). Refer to [Session Recording Redirects](../using-wpf/regex.md).
* If web session recording is configured to run for a site, but the site prevents the recording icon from being placed in the browser tab's title bar, the Web Password Filler will instead display a pop-up message that the session is being recorded.  
* Improved support for the Refresh token. Secret Server improved the refresh token to better support SAML configured Secret Server environments, and the Web Password Filler has been updated to use this improved token. This also improves the timeout setting utilization for the SAML token.
* Added timing restricting to the "Refresh" button on the "Sign in as" pop-up window in the Web Password Filler. This is to limit the number of calls that can be made in a 10 second time frame from going back to Secret Server to update the list of Secrets.
* Added a new feature to match URLs by exact path. This option will look at the domain value in the URL and will only list secrets that have an exact match. When enabled this option will exactly match the cursive values in the example URL.

  Example, https://_Company.Sub.Primary.Domain_/subsite 
* Improved support for sites that have multi-part top level domains, or parent domains in the URL. For example, this would include sites that have ".co.uk" or ".online.com", etc.

## Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue, that returned a 500 error in the background when users tried to save a new Secret (using WPF) when the new User Interface is disabled in Secret Server.
* Fixed an issue, that did not display the "Add Accounts to Secret Server" dialog if you entered credentials (that are not in a Secret) into a site and tried to automatically save it as a Secret when Personal Folders are disabled for the Secret Server instance.
* Fixed an issue, where not all folders were being returned when adding a Secret, if the user had access to more than 1,000 folders.
