[title]: # (2.0.1 Release Notes)
[tags]: # (web password filler)
[priority]: # (39994)
# 2.0.1 Release Notes

## Enhancements

* Added ability to check permissions for logged in users and only display options/folders based on those permissions.
  * Users only see the “Add Secret” option if they have permissions to add a Secret.
  * When adding a Secret, users see folders in the drop-down based on their permissions only and they won't see folders with “Read” permissions.
  * Secrets with "Read" access only have improved error messages.
* Improved support for Microsoft Online login sites that use multiple domains for Username/password logins on separate pages.
  * This applies for sites like login.live.com, microsoftonline.com, etc.
  * This is WPF side support for page “refer” links in page header.
* Added “alarm” notification for when users are reaching maximum session recording timeout of 2 hours.
* Modify back-end support for Refresh Tokens to use “alarm” based system.
  * This helps to prevent token read errors for the browser.
* Improved support for sites that force the username list to display on top of the Web Password Filler drop-down on the Username field (and prevent the overlap).
* Added additional “Remember for this site” options on WPF security pop-ups for sites with multiple domain logins.

## Bug Fixes

* Security: Fixed a javascript code injection issue.
* Fixed an issue where the “Refresh” icon is not displayed on the Secret list intermittently.
* Fixed styling issues for “Save your password” dialog for “Launchpad” site.
* Improved error handling and error message when no folders are found on “Add Secret” action.
* Fixed and issue where the web browser was improperly reading the login token and preventing login from the Web Password Filler.
* Fixed an issue where the password values was not entered for site: Infragard.
* Fixed an issue where an incorrect "Bad request" message was being displayed during login on some Microsoft sites.
* Fixed an issue for multiple sites where the prompt to save a new set of credentials is skipped/cleared too fast because the login page transitions to the completed login page before the prompt can be displayed for the normal time delay is complete.
* Fixed an issue with the site: QRadar that had the site prompting an error due to a conflict with the WPF extension/add-on.
* Fixed an issue where the password does not populate correctly for the site: Knowbe4.com.
* Fixed an issue where the username and password fields do not fill correctly for Cisco WebEx login pages.
* Resovled an issue where login credentials for site: www.client-central.com did not populate in the appropriate fields.
* Firefox: Resolved an issue where web browser was not redirected to SAML login page.
