[title]: # (2.0.6 Release)
[tags]: # (web password filler)
[priority]: # (39989)

# 2.0.6 Release Notes

_May 25, 2021_

## Improvements

Web Password Filler now provides improved performance for session recording.

## Bug Fixes

* Resolved issues where WPF was not working on some sites; `massmutual.okta.com, hitachi IAM, idp.secureworks.com, online.adp.com, photovisi.com, oracle weblogic server, and greenshadesonline.com`.

* Resolved an issue of WPF failing to exclude very long URLs that were on the Native Messaging Host (NMH) exclusion list. Web Password Filler now optimizes the query string and evaluates it for exclusion before sending the URL to the NMH.

* Resolved an issue of the Time-based One Time Password (TOTP) function failing in Web Password Filler when the browser language was not set to English. Web Password Filler now includes the localized TOTP messages that ship with Secret Server.

* Resolved an issue of session recording failing on sites that contained iframe or frame sets if the SRC value was in both the parent and child. WPF now ensures that it does not attempt to record the same tab twice regardless of child window source.

* Resolved an issue of Web Password Filler incorrectly displaying the **Login with Secret Server** window on some high resolution screens not being positioned optimally or appearing minimized.

* Web Password Filler now correctly identifies a username field when the element type is a textarea.

* "USER_IDENT" is used on some websites to identify the username field, and is now included in the Web Password Filler criteria for identifying a username field.

## Known Issues/Limitations

* When you click on a URL from a secret in Secret Server and you are not already logged into WPF, you will have to click the URL two times to launch it. The first click logs you into WPF and the second click launches the URL.

* On some sites with a single secret and auto-populate enabled, the username and password field are not immediately populated. Workaround: select the Thycotic checkmark, then select the desired secret to populate.
