[title]: # (3.0.0 Release)
[tags]: # (web password filler)
[priority]: # (39988)

# 3.0.0 Release Notes

_July 16, 2021_

## Improvements

* **Session Recording**: Previously when a session recording was active on a Chrome browser tab but the user was inactive in the browser/tab for more than five minutes, Secret Server assumed the session had ended. Now a "heartbeat" is sent every two minutes to let Secret Server know that the session is still alive even though the user is not interacting with it.

* **Field Mapping**: Some websites use unconventional labels to internally identify their username, password, and other login fields, and the Web Password Filler cannot automatically identify these fields. Users can map the fields on the Web page to the fields in the Secret using drag-and-drop functionality. To enable the field mapping function in the Web Password Filler, an administrator must add a new metadata section in Secret Server named WPFHints.

* **Safari Support**: The Safari Web Password Filler extension now supports all functionality available in the other supported browser extensions.

* **Switch to the logged-in Secret Server**: When a Web Password Filler user launches a Secret from an instance of Secret Server that is not configured for WPF, WPF now prompts the user with the message, "Do you want to switch to the logged in Secret Server?" The user can then switch to the appropriate instance of Secret Server to complete their web login process.

* **Performance**: Fixed performance issues users were experiencing when installing or re-enabling the WPF extension for their browser.

## Bug Fixes

* Resolved issues on Hivemanager.krome.co.uk where WPF was filling the key value incorrectly.

* Resolved issues on the workday website where the username field was not being populated correctly.

* Resolved issues on the Data Domain System Manager website where the username field was not being filled in. In situations where this still poses an issue, customers can now use the field mapping wizard to map the username field so WPF can recognize the field and fill in values from the secret.

* Resolved issues and validated that WPF can fill in values on https://falcon.crowdstrike.com/login/

## Known Issues

### Issue

Some cloud customers may experience temporary latency issues when connecting to Secret Server. This issue should automatically resolve itself and no action is required.

### Issue

In some situations, the Web Password Filler 3.0.0 extension for Google Chrome will populate a password field with `***Not Valid For Display***` instead of the real password. This happens when the user does not have permission to view the password due to a newer method used in this version. To resolve this issue, Thycotic is releasing a hot fix. The three scenarios where this issue may occur are described below:

### The user does not have permissions to view the password in Secret Server because the *View Launcher Password* permission is not assigned to their Role.

Solution:  Assign the *View Launcher Password* permission to the role in which the user is a member.

### The secret (under the Security tab) has *Viewing Password Requires Edit* enabled and the user does not have Edit permissions (or in the older UI, *Hide Launcher Password* is set to *Yes*)

 Choose one of these three work-arounds:  

* Set "Viewing Password Requires Edit" to **No**.
* Give the user **Edit** permissions.
* Use Microsoft Edge, Firefox, or Safari to access the web sites.

### The template used for the secret has *Viewing Requires Edit* enabled for the password field and the user does not have Edit permissions

 Choose one of these three work-arounds:  

* Set "Viewing Password Requires Edit" to **No**.
* Give the user **Edit** permissions.
* Use Microsoft Edge, Firefox, or Safari to access the web sites.
